im lee, graduated in heu, located in northeast of china;
i was work for SAMSUNG Electronic as emiconductor engineer, responsible for Means of production supply, and infrastructure building;
after one year passed, i thought IT is more interesting to me; so i self learning to begin my IT career;
my first it job is fontend engineer in MEIDA, developer the system of human resources management; i major in new employee register module.
my second job is fontend manager in HENGQI, a educational enterprise, i responsible for the fontend team management, engineer recruitment,
engineer stimulation, and working atmosphere maintenance. the system we developed is a AI-education system; it designed to improve the examing
ability of students. we beak up the subject to a collection of knowledge, we draw a world map of knowledge, caclulating the lowest cost way 
for students. we record the students learning behavior to analysis his learning model.finally, we make the exam to a kind of engineering project, 
people can Quantitative study efficiently
and my latest job is the project manager in Beijing Vastbase. i responsible for the database tools developed and management of full life cycle of 
development.in this period, i not only major in production, i learned the Management theory and related it to my experiments. now i can explain
some the phenomenon in the past. i released the mistake i maked. for example i only emphasis the Technology promotion of my teammate, i was
mistook it is the requirement of any engineer. because i never know the Maslow 5 layer theory, people in different stages have different requirement, and
i should meet the requirement appropriately, and then i can simulate efficiently. and i shouldn't only major in the relationship. A excellent
leader should keep the balance of friendship, relationship, leadership, regulations and discipline.take the methodology to manager the team,
and abide by professional ethics but not just abide by moral and technology, reslove the problem from a global perspective